Al-Hamdu Lillah
we praise God
Wa Ashadu La Elaha Ella Allah,
Wahdahu La Sharika Lah
and I bear witness that there is no other god
besides the one God
this is
this is a very important Khutba,
so I am going to stall a little bit for the rest of
late ones to be here
this Khutba is so important that
you are definitely a very select group of people
who are destined to be here
at this time
but before  I say anything
where is Ahmad Beruni ?
Ahmad's wife:  he's not here yet ...
Rashad:  you are his wife
good for you
Ok, just to stall I'm going to share with you
Edip's discovery of last Khutba
give a chance to the late ones
to be here
it is an awesome discovery
and  it tells us
that the contact prayers
God prescribes
Al-Fatiha  Sura no. 1
no more and  no less
for the contact prayer
it confirms what we have been doing
for a few years,  that is reciting only  Sura no. 1
the mathematical evidence
that God gives us
gave us, that Edip discovered
last week or gave us last week
has to do with the physical
structure of Sura no. 1
and also the literal composition
the physical structure
it's just that some of you may have missed
the miracle last time,  so  I'm repeating it
the physical structure is that
the Sura is no. 1,  and  it has 7 verses
6 and 7
this is a physical structure of
the Sura
and this number is
multiple of 19
just putting the number of
the Sura and verses next to each other
now you know that
the morning prayer is 2 units
the noon is 4
the afternoon is 4
the sunset is 3
the night is 4
and this number is a multiple of 19
putting the number of units next to each other
19  of course is the number that God Himself
picked,  when the people tell you, why 19
tell them because
God said so
in Sura 74
God said it is the number 19 that
will prove that the Quran is not human made
74:25 says,  some people will say
the Quran is man made
and 74:30 God says  19 will prove to you
that it is not man-made
and  74:35 says, it is
one of the greatest miracles
so
this is, this proves also the sequence
of the prayers
morning,  noon,  afternoon
sunset,  night
and it is a multiple of 19,  and it is universally
recognized worldwide,  there are no differences
now the literal composition of the Sura
is confirmed by the fact that
instead of the verse number you put
the number of letters
so you put the Sura number
which is 1
the first
the first verse as you know
is 19 letters
بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم
the 2nd verse
الحمد لله رب العالمين
is  17  letters
you put 17 instead of 2
the third
verse is 12
بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم
الحمد لله رب العالمين
الرحمن الرحيم
مالك يوم الدين
is
right
11 letters
إياك نعبد وإياك نستعين
about the most important expression
in the Sura
You alone we worship
You alone we ask for help
is 19
you put 19
and
اهدنا الصراط المستقيم
is 18
صِرٰطَ الَّذينَ أَنعَمتَ عَلَيهِم
غَيرِ المَغضوبِ عَلَيهِم وَلَا الضّالّينَ
is 43 letters
and this number is also
multiple of 19
so there you have it,
physical evidence
just in passing
we just received
the Aramco magazine
the Arabian oil company, I know  the front cover
they have the  last two verses of Sura 9, Satan's verses
the satanic verses on the cover
on the inside they have
Al-Fatiha written
in the colloquial Arabic
not in the Quran Arabic
where there are 3 extra letters
so they are trying hard to destroy
God's miracle,  but it  is not working
it's too late
the cat is out of the bag
so I  hope you appreciate this miracle
now  and  it is very clear
now  that Abdullah is here
it means  everybody's here
so I'm going to start
my Khutba now
الحمد لله
و أشهد أن لا إله إلا الله
وحده لا شريك له
this is a very important Khutba in that
God is revealing so much information
I'm going to repeat the assertion that
you are a select group of people
you are destined
to be here at this time
the information that
God is sending to us
puts us an eternity ahead of anyone else
living on earth today
the subsequent generations will catch up
with us,  but today on the planet Earth
we are an eternity ahead of
the rest of the world
the picture  of
why we are here
is emerging very clearly now
and there is a lot more
to be known
but this is the time that  God wills
to send this information to us
it is relevant
to  our generation
and
what  this additional information
you know most of it,  but the  additional
information shows how bad the human being is
and  how are fortunate
we in this Masjid  are
these are the two things
the subject of this  Khutba
how bad the humans are
and  how fortunate we are
it was satan's ego
E G O
remember this word
that made him think that he can be
a god  besides  God
and this triggered a division in
the Heavenly community
some creatures agreed
with Satan
and this constituted the Heavenly Feud
that we see in Sura  38
19 × 2
verse  69
the Heavenly  Feud
or the feud in Heavenly community
the vast  vast  vast  majority
disagreed with Satan,
they  stood on  the side of
God's absolute authority
and  those are
the angels
they never question the fact that
only God can be a god
and their numbers is unknown to anybody
only  God knows
Sura 74 verse 31
says, no one knows the number of
God's  soldiers,  the angels,  except He
even the angels do not know
do not know what their population is
so don't be tricked by the fact
that 150,000,000  creatures agreed with Satan
those are very very small
minority
so now we have a minority
the criminal element in
the Heavenly society,  that's you and me
and the jinns
failing  to make a stand on
God's absolute authority
God  the Most Merciful,
offered this criminal element
another opportunity to renounce their crime
and to submit to God
and
and majority of these creatures
the vast, vast, vast majority
took advantage of that opportunity
which we see in Sura  33  verse 72
those are the animals, the mountains
the stars, the trees
do you remember in
Sura 22 verse 18,  God says
do you not realize that  the mountains
the trees, the animals  prostrate  to God
and some people
remember that verse
in Sura 55 verse 6, God says that
stars and  the trees prostrate
what does this mean
because they decided,  they  took advantage
of  that second opportunity to submit to God
the horse
is a submitter to God, he was one
the horse  is one of those creatures
they committed that initial blasphemy
and took advantage of the second offer
the horse  is a perfect submitter
he comes to you on four
you know like this
Ego,  do you remember  ego
the word ego
the horse comes to you like this
and says ride me
and  a horse  will let
a poor person ride  him
or a rich person
a child will lead the horse
wherever the child wants
the horse is a perfect submitter
and this was the deal
that the animals accepted to come here
in a subservient  obedient function
and in return for this obedience they're redeemed
to God's Kingdom in the hereafter
that was the deal
the dog wags his tail
to the homeless
see the homeless person walking
in the street, very poor
and he's taking along the dog with him
and the dog loves him
wags his tail
the president of United States has dogs also
and they wag their tails to the president
not because
he is a president
they're doing it
they don't even know
that they live in
the White House
they can live in the street with the homeless
or in the White House
and they are submitting
they wag their tails
when God asked you and me
do you want to go to the world
God told us about the plan
do you want to participate in this plan
as a horse
the poor will ride you, the rich will ride you
a child wall lead you
and you and I said,  No way!
me go as a horse,
ego remember
this criminal element
it is the ego
that brought us here
and it is the ego that stands as
an obstacle between us and redemption
there were so many of the creatures who
decided to take advantage of the second offer
that they could not all come here
as animals,  will be overcrowded
so God made them stars
and the stars prostrate
they go  in the  precise orbit
the sun rises and sets
at exactly the same times
today, September 29
the  sun rises 6:16
it's not 6:15  or  6:20
6:16
and next year is going  to
rise at 6:16
you watch the horizon in the east
at  6:16 there comes the sun disc
you see it coming up
submitting
it's going to set at 6:11
not 6:10
and this is
this is eternal
this is an eternal calendar
the moon, synchronized around the earth
following exactly the orbit
Halley's comet comes
every 76 years
they wait for it, and  sure enough
here it comes every 76 years
it goes, God knows where
but 76 years  it comes back
to the solar system and we see it
we refused
we are so bad
the human being is so bad
this explains why all these  people
are oblivious to God
and you can see that
their  ego  is preventing them
God says in 33:79
that the human being
was unjust, stupid
ظَلومًا جَهولًا
ignorant, God calls it ignorant
but I'm not as polite as the Quran
but it really is
this is the most fitting word
so God told the horse
you go as a horse
and you'll be redeemed to God's Kingdom
he said  I'll take it,  I'll take it
and they come here
perform their functions
and they go back, even our bodies
are submitting
because the body is
part of the earth
the Earth is submitting to God
the body is a garment  made of the earth
just like this
came out of the oil from the ground
a  garment
and your heart,  you can not control
your heart,  it's out of your control
your peristalsis,  the intestines
moving
they move like this, to push the food
all the way from the start until you digest it
you do not control that, miles and miles
of your  intestines are moving right now
in a precise motion
the longs are breathing
this,  you don't control that
because the earth is submitting to God
your body  is part of the earth
and you cannot control it
but the human being
is so bad
if I draw a line
of God's  creatures
in the Heavenly community,  like this
and the Satan
Satan's ego
told him that he can be a god
besides God,  by the way this
this minor  rebellion
proves to us  that  God's  creatures
have the freedom of choice
this is the  usefulness or the purpose
of this rebellion
people say,  why did God create
rebellious creatures
and God takes
this into consideration
this is why millions of people die
before  the age of 40, and are redeemed
obviously they deserve it,  but
they  participated in this very important function
the hard-core  enemies of God
will end up to Hell
and I love Ismail Barekat's
expression yesterday
when we were talking about
what we read in the perspective
about changing the name of Muhammad
even their idol,  to  5 letters
Muham-mamad
instead of Muhammad
just to oppose the miracle
he said,  they are storming
the gates of Hell, that's what he said
guy :  what?
Rashad:  storming
God  builds  fences around Hell  and  very strong
gates,  and  they're  storming the gates of Hell
so when Satan did this
vast majority of  God's  creatures agreed
but a small minority
can you see this
back there ?
this is the criminal element
in the Heavenly community, now if we
if we is expand this
here
when God offered  the second opportunity
for them to submit
the vast vast majority
of them submitted
and the real bad ones
were just about this much
that's you and me
the humans and  the jinns
we refused
because you know  how many horses there are
in the world,  how many mosquitoes and
cockroaches
Edip, and
and  bees
so the vast majority took advantage
of the second
these are the real bad ones
me go down as a horse
No!
you know, this is ego  we thought
we are smart enough to make the right decision
see, God told us if you make the right decision
you come back to the high Heaven
which is fantastic
and this is second part of my sentence
how fortunate we are
this is how bad
this is how bad the humans are
Tooboo Ela Allah
repent
Al-Hamdu Lillah
Wa Ashadu La Elaha Ella Allah,
Wahdahu La Sharika Lah
what you just did now,  repent  means
you said,  you're sorry for doing this,
we made a mistake, we want to
be redeemed back to God's Kingdom
we  don't wanna  be exiled
from God
we were exiled
because of our ego
the reason you and I refused to come here
as a dog  or  a horse  or  a mosquito
was that,  we thought that we, oh  it's easy
it's a piece of cake,  we'll choose God
we will not choose  Satan
I ...  my thought
got interrupted here
yes
I want  to mention that
since  it is the ego
that is preventing, that's the obstacle
between us  and  God's Kingdom
kill your ego is one of the first
commandments in the Quran,  kill your ego
2:54
Sura 2  verse  54
in the first  10 pages
of the Quran
it says,  kill your ego
and kill  means  dead
you see  how the horse is
we're supposed to kill our ego
as far as  God is concerned
killing  the ego is not that  somebody
comes,  slaps you in the face  and you turn
and  you turn the other cheek
No!
you stand ... in fact God says
the believers are not wimps
they stand up for their rights
but as far as  God is concerned
you must kill your ego
because  I'm telling you the ego
is what is preventing
millions of people today
from  going to Heaven
and what led some of us
to drop out
when God willed  that I announce
my messengership
that's ...  the only reason
they refused  is the ego
because God gave them so many ...
so much evidence
and gave them
zero evidence against it
we are still waiting for
one reason
good or bad
and they can't come up with one
there is no reason
that say  you're not God's messenger
but it's the ego
and they can't come up
and say it
you can't say it's my ego
that is ...
because of my ego  I don't wanna
recognize  you  as God's messenger
and it seems to me now
that this is
part of the test
not it is
but  I mean
it is a difficult test
that God puts us through
in order to kill our ego
here is one of us
who claims to be God's messenger
how
how we're  gonna,  and then God says
obey God and obey the messenger in the Quran
how am I gonna do this
he's just like me
it's ego,
our ego
I actually sympathize
with those people
it took me eight years
to accept  that
and  I don't wanna give myself a test
I have enough of my own
I don't wanna ask myself
if  I were in their shoes what will  I do
but it is  definitely due to their  ego
and God is fair
if they flunk
they deserve it
it is strictly ego
what is the reason ?
what is their  reason ?
you know they could've come
with a reason, saying
God says Muhammad  is
the last messenger in the Quran
and  it should be over
it be finished
but  they won't come up with a reason
like that,  because there's no such thing
the Quran  says,  Muhammad
was the last prophet
a message, a scripture bearing
messenger
but he was not
the last messenger
the Quran makes it
very clear
eh,  I don't know they could've come
with a hundred  reasons
hmm
Edip :  Chicago conference ...
Rashad:  yeah, things are brewing now
since
this may change the direction ...  but
I think  I said everything you wanted  to say anyway
there's many more that we'll discuss
tonight  In Shã  Allah,
and in the next months
and years In Shã Allah
we'll  be discussing these
God will send
more information
but the highlight is that one,  I wanted
to point out  this,  how bad the human being  is
and how fortunate we are
they established  something
called
the council on the  preservation
of the finality of prophethood
and this includes the top wigs
in the  Muslim world
the pope of the Sunni Muslims
Sheikh Al-Azhar
the head,  the Imam of the Kaba
the Mecca Masjid
the head of
the Muslim world league
and they are holding a conference
an urgent conference
in Chicago
October 7
that  is  two weeks from now
it's called world conference on
the  finality of prophethood
and they're trying
to confuse the people
remember the verse in Quran that say
they distort the words out of context
they are trying
to confuse the people
as far as the definition of prophet
and messenger are concerned
and since Edip  brought this up,  I'm gonna read
the letter to you that I wrote to them, to all the top wigs
this is their flyer
and  it says,  world conference on finality of
the prophethood  and significance of Hadith
they just  put this
on the side
and they say conference will start
on Saturday October 7,  there's no In Shã Allah
you will not see the name of God
on this sheet
there is not a single word God
there is no Quran
on this sheet
there is Hadith,  and there is a picture
of prophet's Mosque,  which he never saw
right here
and it gives you the name
the Sheikh Al-Azhar,  and  so on
and   you know something
we will be there
we'll  be represented there
I'm gonna give them a lot of trouble
Herbert Hill,  you know him from Chicago
he was here at the conference
he is taking his brother
who  used to be  a Sunni,  and....
he's being saved
and maybe
some other people
and they will go there and
will ask some crucial questions
like what is the difference
between prophet  and  messenger
tell me where in the Quran does it says
Muhammad  is the last messenger
who is the messenger of the covenant
that is in 3:81,  etc. etc.
we have 19 questions
for them
oh the letter that
I wrote to them
I sent it  to  each one of
the top leaders
and  I said  to these people
from Rashad  Khalifa  regarding
world conference on
finality of the  prophethood
dear brothers
Al-Salaam Alaykum
nobody's questioning the fact  that
Muhammad was the final prophet,  Nabi
Quran  33:40
according to 3:81, 33:7 and 33:40
he was not the last messenger, Rasool
as Muslims we are required to believe
Almighty  God  when He so states in His holy book
Quranic assertions  that Muhammad was
the final prophet   but  not the final messenger
our God's  commandments to us
through the prophet Muhammad
I trust that you stand ready to obey
God  and  His final prophet
you will readily agree with me
that those who refuse to accept
these Quranic  truths  are no longer Muslims
Quran  3:81  to  85
as God's messenger of the covenant
supported by overwhelming physical evidence
it is my obligation to invite you
to examine these Quranic  truths
and examine the evidence  God has given me
to present to  you  and  to the world
you are cordially invited to Masjid Tucson
at any time you choose
to discuss this matter
and examine my evidence
thank you  and  may God bless you
with  His  guidance  and  infinite mercy
forgive me for saying this
your brother in Islam,  Rashad Khalifa
there has to be
some diplomacy there
Aqim Al-Salat
الحمد لله
we praise God
و أشهد أن لا إله إلا الله
وحده لا شريك له
and we bear witness there is no other god
but the one God
last Friday
Abdullah presented to you evidence
that the Friday prayer
is mathematically coded
that it is required by God to drop
all business and come to the Friday prayer
he also presented evidence that
the two sermons of the Friday prayer
are part of the prayer
they are counted as ...
in addition to the two units
they complete the four units
so I am going to ask you to face this way
if you're not facing this way to face this way
so can you just turn this way
because  as if
you're in the prayer
you can stay in the chair
Ihsan
just stay in the chair
as long as you're facing this direction
it's OK
I have fantastic news for you
but I will keep it for the second Khutba to insure
that everyone who is supposed to be here
will be here
meanwhile I want to thank many of you
most of you,  all of you
for wishing me a happy birthday
last Friday
and I want to use this
to
reflect on God's omnipotence
and the
predetermination of the world
so that we have the freedom of choice
at the same time
a submitter by definition
submits to God
and  believes
whatever God says
the opposite,  the non-submitter will follow
what the parents taught him or her
and this is repeated in the Quran, in verse
Sura 2  verse 170,  Sura 31 verse 21
Sura 43  verses 22  and 23
when they are told
the disbelievers
the non-submitters  when they are told
follow what God says
they say,  no  we follow
what our parents taught us
so  this is the difference  between
a submitter  and  non-submitter
because when you're born
you are a new generation
and in your lifetime
God will reveal new information
and new knowledge,  knowledge is
increasing  in this world
and you're required to look at
all this new knowledge
and sift through it
and accept or reject whatever is
whatever God wants us
to accept or reject
but God tells us
in  the Old Testament
and  the New Testament
and  the Final Testament
the Quran
that  He will send
messenger of the covenant
so I'm going to read
some of this
with you
in the last book
of the Old Testament
here is the New Testament
the last book of
the Old Testament,  Malachi
chapter 3
under the subtitle
the  messenger of the covenant
Lo,  I am sending  My messenger
to prepare the way before Me
and suddenly  they will come
to the temple
the  Lord whom you  seek and  the messenger
of the covenant whom you desire
in the New Testament
in Luke
17:22
I'm gonna read it for you
Jesus is prophesying the  coming  of
the messenger of the covenant
Jesus said to the disciples
a time will come
when you will long  to see one day
of the son of man
but you will not see it
they will tell you,  he is to be found
in this place or that
do not go running about
excitingly
the son of man  in his day will be like
the lightning that flashes
from one end of the day
to the other
first  however
he must suffer much
and  be rejected
by the present age
as it was in the days of Noah
so it will be  in the days  of son of man
they ate and drank
they took husbands and wives
right up to the day
Noah entered the ark
and  when  the flood came
it destroyed them all
it was much the same
in the days of Lot
they ate and drank
they bought and sold
they built and planted
but on the day
Lot left Sodom
fire and brimstone rained down
from heaven
and destroy them all
it will be like that
on the day  of  the son of man
it will be like that  on the day
the son of man is revealed
on that day if a man
is on the rooftop
and his belongings
are in the house
he should not go down
to get them
neither should the man
in the field  return  home
remember Lot's wife
whoever tries to preserve his life
will lose it
whoever loses it,  keeps it
and this is relevant to the second sermon
second Khutba
I tell you on that night
there will be two men  in  one bed
one will be taken  and
the other left
two women will be
grinding grain together
one will be taken and
the other left
also in Matthew 24:27
24:27
as the lightning
from the east flashes to the west
so would  the coming of
the son of man be
so it's gonna be
every person on earth is going to hear about
God's plan  and  the messenger of the covenant
in the Final Testament,  you're all familiar
with the verse 81 in Sura 3
where God says  that  after all the prophets
have delivered  their messages
God will send
the  messenger of the covenant
to consolidate the messages
purify them
and deliver the one message
the one unified message
and preach the one unified religion
that's acceptable by God
this is in the Quran
3:81
from these looking at the Old Testament
the New Testament  and  the Final Testament
and seeing that God is telling us
that He will send the messenger of the covenant
and for us to be fortunate
to be born at this time
I mean when will he come
the messenger of the covenant ?
it's gonna be some day
like a Tuesday of a week
a certain day of a month
we just happen to exist at the time
when God is executing this plan
and as submitters we are required
to believe God
and  I want to say that
the difference between
believing  God in this respect  and  disbelieving
is the difference between
the highest Heaven  and  the lowest pit of Hell
therefore it is my responsibility
to help you  and  help myself
strengthen our faith
strengthen our belief
in this regard
so long as
we have the absolute proof
the physical evidence
and this is what I wanted
to share with you
Edip  where are the markers?
I talked  to my mother
this morning
and I told her
I asked her what time was I born?
and she said
don't ask questions like that
I said  OK mom,  did  the midwife come
during the day  or  during the night
she said,  they came
in the middle of the night
anyway
she's still giving  me instruction
you know
doesn't matter  how old you are
you're still a baby
November 19
that was the birthday, and
I was thanking you for celebrating it with me
and this is a calendar
that gives  the number of
every day of the year
and  just happens that November 19 is
the only day of the year
whose  number
is a multiple of  19, also
now January 19 is the 19th day
of the year,  so you don't count that
it's  just  like saying
1 is divisible  by 1
you know  one is one
is not divisible
so
February 19 is the 50th day
is not divisible by 19
March 19
is the 78th day
it's not multiple of 19
the 19th of April is
the 109th day
is number 109,  is
not a multiple of 19
the 19th of May
is 139,  number 139
not a multiple of 19
the  19th of June
is number 170
missed by one
the 19th of July
is number 200
the 19th of August
is number 231
the 19th of September
is number 262
it's not a multiple of 19
the 19th of October
is  292
it is not a multiple of 19
November 19  is  number 323
it's a multiple of 19
19th of December
is number 353
it's not a multiple of 19
so November 19 is the only day of the year
whose  number is a multiple of 19
what does this tell us?
my mother was  sterile  for four years
before I was born,  by the way
so
this means God designed
this tells us about
God's power
that He knew in advance
that  this baby is gonna  grow up
and that God has assigned to him
finding the code 19 in the Quran
which  very simple
existed in the Quran for 1400 years
and
I want to quote
Batul Karmaly's
very simple rebuttal of people
who say  we don't believe
she says,  just explain
why did  he find the number 19,  the code 19
so God knew in advance
who  He was assigning this to
and He picked out the only day
in the year that is dated 19
and  its number  is
multiple of 19
there's something else I wanted to say
what is it ?
yes, now this
mean 266 days before
this date
there has to be a conception
I mean  God planned the pregnancy
and  the birth
this is before we come
to this world
this is
this is a time also to share with you
a discovery by Azhar Khan
these are the Arabic alphabet
and  the gematrical  value
of the Arabic alphabet
what the
as you know  we tell the people
that 19  means one
the gematrical  of the word
of the number 19  or  the word one
is 19
and  19  is  God's  signature
we now find 19  is God's  signature
in all  His  creation
the sun,  the moon,  you
you have  209  bones in your body
19×11
Dr. Sabahi  gave us a lecture on
the elements in the universe
and the maximum number of
electrons   is  114
multiple of 19
so  Azhar  Khan put
the gematrical values
oh when we tell the people the ...
the skeptics
that  19 is  the numerical  value of
the word  "one"
that God is proclaiming there is only one god
you shall worship God alone
the first commandment  in the Old Testament
the New Testament,  and  the Final Testament
they tell you  how  do we know
that 19  is the value of one
Ok  Azhar Khan
put the values of these
the gematrical  values
of all the letters
up to 1000 which  is  the value
of the last letter
غ
and  he found  that
this number is  a multiple  of 19
so this validates the value of
every alphabet  letter in the  Arabic language
and this tells us  that  God designed
the Arabic language
and designed the Quran
with  the code 19  in  it
before the earth
was created
therefore  it is not
too much to also that ...
the student who is to research  this
code 19,  is born on the 19th day of a month
the only  day  in the year
that is  also  divisible by 19
the purpose of sharing
this with you
against my own
personal tendency is
because I want to strengthen
your faith  and  my faith
this is one of the things that God associates
with  the number  19  in Sura 74
وَيَزدادَ الَّذينَ ءامَنوا إيمٰنًا
that  the believers  may
increase in faith
there's another thing, we're using
this same  alphabet,
yesterday my sister
compiled my name
she numbered  them
consecutively
regardless of
the gematrical  values
and  she calculated my name
and  it came out to 114,  the total of the letters
so all this tells us
that God predetermined
and pre-designed
all these things
and all you can say is Subhan Allah
glory be to God
that  He  is  Omnipotent
I'd  better stop at this point to leave
some room for the great news coming up
Tooboo Ela Allah
repent
الحمد لله
we praise God
و أشهد أن لا إله إلا الله
وحده لا شريك له
and we bear witness  that
there is no other god  except  the one God
the great  news  that
I have for you
started out with a few question by Lisa
and  the  discussion that followed
and then
as I will share with you the verses in the Quran
we've been reading them hundreds of times
but you will see how
how logical  and  beautiful
they fall together
the great news is  that
the righteous  go straight to Heaven
this is the great news,  then
I'm gonna give you the evidence
in other words
they do not
the unrighteous go to  death
they die
the unrighteous
do not really die
they simply move from one stage
to the next stage
in a gentle way
there's  a Sura that says ...
that  says  that  the angels of death  snatch
the souls of the disbelievers
and  they beat  him up
at the time of death
in verses
in Sura  8  verse 51
in Sura 47  verse  27
God is telling us that the angels who are
guarding us now,  and  serving us
when the time comes  and  the person
who dies as a disbeliever,  they beat the person
specifically on the face
and  the rear ends
you can imagine ...
also they  snatch  the soul
because obviously  this disbeliever
is going to Hell
but before that there is a period of death
and a continuous nightmare
this is what
the Quran  teach us
in Sura  40,  God says
they see  Hell  every day
but  they do not enter  it
until the Day of Resurrection
the Day of Judgment
because  Hell  is not here yet
now look at
God's wisdom and mercy
is that  He created Heaven first
before we were brought  here
and  He  put Adam and Eve there
the Earth was here
yes,  it is egg shaped
and Adam and Eve were
up here in Heaven
connected with
their bodies down here
this is some kind of
a invisible connection
but the souls of Adam and Eve
this is all allegorical
were up there  in  Heaven
enjoying Heaven
therefore Heaven  exists
when they broke  God's law
they were brought down here,  they
were sucked back
into their bodies
but Heaven  exists  and  this is where
we go  the moment of death
it's exactly like when we sleep
when you and I sleep,  the righteous
their soul voluntarily
roams around
and this is exactly
how the righteous die
they just leave their body here on earth
now true, their bodies  disintegrate and go away
but  that doesn't matter because
we're gonna be coupled again with new bodies
on the Day of Resurrection
but  the righteous
go straight to Heaven
now here is
the startling evidence
Oh, in the same Sura
where God tells us  that
the angels of death snatch
death  is a painful process
for the unrighteous
and the angels snatch
their  souls  out of their bodies
they are resisting
and they're being beaten up
because this is the day
they receive the bad news
at the time of death
every person knows
whether
he or she is going to
Heaven  or  Hell
through these
very clear verses
in the same Sura  God says that
the angels invite the righteous
it's an invitation
and it's  met by Joy
it's like the angels come to you and say
now you can go to Heaven
really!  is it time?
so  and the,  so we are told that
eagerly the righteous move on to the next stage
and it is beautiful
as the descriptions in
Sura 2  verse 25,  now notice
these things that we read
hundreds of times
but this is the time
that God wants to inform us
tells us
this good news
God says give good news to
those who believe and lead a righteous life
that they have deserved
gardens with flowing streams
when provided with a provision
of fruits therein
they say,  this is what was provided
for us previously
the keyword here
is provision
OK now, God says,
this is a commandment
in  Sura 3  verse 169
well  let me go
in the same Sura  2  first
Sura  2  verse 154,  God says
do not say
about those who are killed
in the cause of God that they are dead
do not say  that
they are dead
because,  for they are alive
at their  Lord
in this verse says
they're alive  but  you do not perceive
Ok, this is one
Sura 3  verse 169,  God says
do not think
that those who are killed
in the cause of  God,  are dead
for they are alive
at their Lord, being provided
the same word is used
as in 2:25
provision
and  then  we were told
in a number of verses
that it is not just
you don't have to  fight  in the cause of God
and get a gun or something and get killed
that when the righteous die  also
that  death  as a righteous  or
or being killed in the cause of God
either way is the same
and we see this
in Sura 22 verse 58  for example
22:58
:Edip
فَأُولٰئِكَ مَعَ الَّذينَ أَنعَمَ اللَّهُ
Ok, that's  a  good one
we're gonna read it
that's 4:69
Edip:  yes, 4 ...
Rashad:  4:69
now  looking at 2:58
says, those who immigrated
for the sake of God
then  got killed  or  died
either way
God will surely shower them
with good provisions
same words are being used
لَيَرزُقَنَّهُمُ اللَّهُ رِزقًا حَسَنًا
the same repetition of
the same words,  in the same verse
so  God says  do not say
about those who
who died  or  get killed
in the cause of God,  as dead
we cannot say that
they do not die
the righteous do not die
they simply move on from this world
to another stage on  a very joyous
and  a very happy day
here  is  another clue
that is really strong
and  this is in 44:56
now we read about
the two deaths
and two lives,  right?
but these are the disbelievers
in Sura 40  verse 12
the disbeliever says
our Lord  You  put us to death twice
and  You  gave us two lives
is there any way
out of the Hell
the disbelievers  say that
in the beginnings Sura 2, God says
how can you disbelieve in God when He
when He
when you were dead  and  He  gave you life
then  He  puts you to death, then  He  gives you life
this is  talking to the disbelievers
now watch what the believers say
Sura 56
44:56
they never taste death therein
beyond the first death
He has spared them
the retribution  of Hell
now this is
this is a very powerful clue
in Arabic
لا يَذوقونَ فيهَا المَوتَ إِلَّا المَوتَةَ تدون
except the first death
so  the second death  for the righteous
is not death at all
it's just like,   like going to sleep
and it is,  the angels come and invite you
to go on to a fantastic place
and it is
it is met with joy
and happiness
is this great news
or  is this great news?
Audience:  Al-Hamdulillah
Rashad:  let's see what else
did I forget here
Oh!  this is very important
I'm glad  I forgot it because
now  I'm gonna  impress it on you
because  you will  never forget it
this makes it  special
and  it is very important
in Sura 36 verse 20
and you can read it again,  36
starting from  20  to  27
this gives
the whole story away
I mean really proves it
36:20
Sura  Ya  Sin
Ok,  it says
a man came in
came running
a man came running
from the other side of the city
saying,  O my people follow the messengers
follow those who  do not ask  you
for any wage and  are  guided
why should I not worship the One who
initiated me,  and  to Him is your ultimate return
shall  I set up besides  Him
powerless gods
if  the Most Gracious willed
any harm for me
their  intercession will not help me
one bit
nor can they  rescue me
then I would be
totally astray
I have believed in you Lord
please listen to me
now  this is a man  who is asking
his people  to  worship God alone
no. 26
at the time of his death
this is in parentheses, my
my own words
now this should be in
the final translation, In Shã Allah
I will not
I will not use this word "death"
he was told, listen to this
enter Paradise
or  enter Heaven
he said,  Oh  I wish
my people knew
that my Lord has forgiven me
and  made me honorable
now why will  he say
I wish my people knew
because obviously his people
are there on earth
he's  up here  in Heaven
his people are down here, but they do not know
remember the verse,  but you  do not perceive
so he's up here in Heaven
and he's saying  I wish my people know
but it is God's,  it is the test
and  it is God's wisdom that  Khomeini
cannot come back and tell us, where he is now
people
people cannot,  once they cross that line
they cannot  come back  here  and  tell us
but God is telling us
and  this man obviously
went to Heaven
and he's saying
I wish my people knew
that my Lord has forgiven me
and made me honorable
guy:  so is that  in  the Old Testament
or  New Testament
Rashad:  this is the Final Testament
Aqim Al-Salat
Allahu Akbar,  Allahu Akbar
La Elaha Ela Allah
الحمد لله
we praise God
و أشهد أن لا إله إلا الله
وحده لا شريك له
and we bear witness  that
there is no other god beside the one God
are we going to have fun
today
I'm giving three Khutbas
on behalf of  three people
I'm giving a Khutba
on behalf of Edip
and  a Khutba
on behalf of Soád
and a Khutba on behalf of
Saeed Talari  from New Hampshire
I'm presenting  to you  some things  that
they discovered, in the last week
and  they're  all fantastic
you have all witnessed
the last month or so
the miracle of the miracles
you witnessed the miracle  of  miracles
that has to do with the first Sura in the Quran
and the five daily prayers
just a quick review
this miracle of miracles
begins with the number of units
of our prayers
the morning is  2 units
the noon is  4 units
the afternoon is  4 units
the sunset is  3 units
and  the night prayer
is  4 units
and  this is a multiple of 19
the sequence
and  specific numbers
have to be this way
more
more sophisticated than this is the
you put the 2 units of the morning
and then
you put  2  Fatihas
now the asterisks
can be any representation of
Sura  number one
for example
this is one of them
this representation of Sura 1,  includes
the number of Sura, 1
the number of verses in the Sura
which is  7
the number of words
Edip: letters
Rashad:  letters
in the  whole  Sura
and the gematrical value of all
the letters added up,  in the whole Sura
this means you take the value of
every letter,  add it up  and  you get 10,043
put them next to each other like this
and you have a multiple 19
and this is
what the asterisk  is
or
you can make it
more complicated than this
by putting  the gematrical  value  of
every individual letter
you can also add the gematrical
values of the whole verse
you  can add
the number of verses
excuse me,  the number of  letters
in every verse
and so on,  all of them
these representations are  multiples of 19
and all of them
can be used here
so just think of this as Al-Fatiha
or Sura  number one
any of these  numbers
can represent  Sura no. 1
so you put the  2 units of
the morning prayer  followed  by 2 Fatihas
then the  4 units of
the noon prayer  followed  by 4 Fatihas
then the  4 units of  the afternoon prayer
followed  by 4 of this number
or any other number
representing  Al-Fatiha
the sunset prayer is  3 units
followed by  3 Fatihas
and  then the night prayer is  4 units
followed  by 4 Fatihas
we
we tried,  we really
tested this very hard, and we
as you will see
we  even  imposed
very harsh conditions
and  still  God gives us
multiples of 19
one of the most profound conditions was
to reverse the numbers from right to left
there was  one representation
of Sura Al-Fatiha
but it can be used in the
as  to replace the asterisk
like I said
you can use any number
representatives
of Sura number one
here is one of them
and I just wanna give you how
an example of how we stretch it
too far  and  God goes along with us
gives us multiples of 19, still
you put the number of
the Sura, 1
the number of the first verse
is 1
the number of  letters
in the first verse,  is 19
the  gematrical value of
the first verse,  is 786
verse number 2
has 17 letters
and  the value is 581
verse number 3,  now this is one
continuous number, remember that
verse number 3
has 12 letters
and the value of  618
verse number 4
has 11 letters
and the value is  241
verse number 5
we are still continuing
has 19 letters
and  the value is  836
verse number 6
has 17 letters
and  the value is
the gematrical  value
the last verse,
number 7  has  43 letters
and  the value is
Ok, this
this is  almost all the parameters of
Sura  number 1
the number of the Sura,  the number of every verse
followed by the number of letters in every verse
followed by the value
of every verse
OK this number
is a multiple of 19
also it consists of 38 digits
19 × 2
so what we did  we reversed this
we wrote it backward
every component
we put this at the beginning
and then this after it
which is a crazy way of doing it
but some Arabs will use that as an excuse
they say we have to
write to left
well,  still came out
a multiple of 19
so this is really  the  miracle
of  miracles
now  Saeed  Talari,  Ok
some smart alecky
most probably an Arab will
will tell you,  why do you  make 2 Sujood
in every unit,  why not 3 or 4 ?
or do one Ruku‘?
this is Ruku‘
per unit
and make two Sujoods per units
so this smart alecky, disbeliever will tell you
why do you make 1 Ruku and  2 Sujoods?
and God is ahead of them
so this is
Saeed Talari's  discovery
he called from New Hampshire
this is what Saeed did
in the five prayers
we only read one Sura
which is Sura number 1
OK now, prayer number 1
what do we do in prayer number 1
here is prayer number 1
what do we do?
we read 2 Fatihas
right?
and we made 2 Ruku’s
2 bowings
4 prostrations
1 Tashahhud,  right?
أشهد أن لا إله إلا الله
وحده لا شريك له
OK now, we get to prayer number 2
what do we do in prayer number 2
we read 4 Fatihas
we make 4 Ruku‘s
we make 8 Sujoods
and we read  2 Tashahhuds
in the sitting position
then we get to the third prayer,
prayer number 3
where we read 4 Fatihas
4 Ruku‘s
8 Sujoods
2 Tashahhuds
Oh excuse me, this is 3
that's right
then we go to prayer number 4
where we read  3 Fatihas
see the changes in number
and
this is the only way
it'll be divisible by 19
we read 3 Fatihas
we make 3 Ruku‘s
6 Sujoods,  2 Tashahhuds
and  the night prayer is number 4
number 5, excuse me
in it we read 4 Fatihas
and we make  4 Ruku‘s
Edip: 8
8 Sujoods,  2 Tashahhuds
this is a multiple of 19
so it pins down how many Ruku‘s
how many Sujoods in every prayer
in the 5 prayers
now is this miraculous?
or this miraculous
we were very happy
we were very happy about this
except we have  in this Mosque
we have a troublemaker
called Edip
we'll  have one more
in about 7 months
I mean
how we are gonna handle it
this troublemaker said
well  see we have to be
ahead of the rascals  of the
of the Arabs and the disbelievers
we do this on purpose,  so
it's a fantastic service
he said  we read  Sura no. 1
they will say
why not put it before every prayer
and then he went home
and he left ...
and he left Mahmoud
to struggle with it, so what Mahmoud did
he put 1,  Ok  here is Sura
prayer no. 2,  so you put 1 here
now we have the Sura no. ahead of
every prayer,  this is prayer no. 1
this is prayer no. 2   he put 1
the Sura that we read in the noon prayer
before the Asr prayer
he put 1
yeah, this is the 3rd prayer
in the 4th prayer
he also put 1
and before the 5th prayer
he put 1
his excuse was that we read Sura no. 1
in every prayer, so why not put 1 there
God said,  OK it's divisible
it's really incredible
because  when you have
a number like this
Edip:  ...  divisible by 19 ...
Rashad:   OK this
this number is
divisible by 19,  this is 8
Ok  this  number
is divisible by 19,  if you add 1
it's not divisible anymore
if you put
if you put it anywhere else here
it's not divisible by 19
I mean  you change  you have a
completely different number,  when you add 1
so
these are all
physical impossibilities
but God made them possible
I hope there are no scientist here will tell me
how can  a physical impossibility be possible
Edip:  if you try if you put anywhere else
these four 1  will not be divisible
of course not if you move
the 1 here  or here, or anywhere else
Edip:  ... only chance
Rashad:  yes
there's been a flood of miracles
in the last month
and
to use Catherine's expression
we are light years ahead of the rest of the world
because it's gonna  take them
quite a few years to catch up with these
I mean after 50 years
they'll say
it'll take them maybe this much
OK this is Saeed Talari's discovery
with  Edip Yuksel's challenge
and discovery
I have to go
a little faster
Edip' discovery
the disbelievers
normally Arabs
have  been  giving  us
rough times about
بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم
is it 19 letters or not
of course it is 19 letters
I keep telling them  what your eyes see
you count
they say oh there is a stress
in this letter,  we must count it twice
like Muhammad
the whole Muslim world
wrote it 4 letters
Muhammad,  they said since  you
stressed  the second M
you must write
Muham-mamad
and we have 5 letters  instead of 4
even  their idol,  they mess up with his name
so what Edip  discovered is that
when you read  Sura Al-Hamd,  Al-Fatiha
Sura no. 1
your lips meet exactly 19 times
now this has nothing to do
with the spelling
or how many letters
or  a stress  or anything
this really nullifies
their excuse
for example  when you say
Bism
that's two
let's stay it together, Bism
that is 2
here is Bism
Allah
Al-Rahman
there is one
Al-Raheem
Al-Hamd
there is one
Lillah
Rab
there is one
Al-Alameen
Rab Al-Alameen
Al-Rahman,  Al-Raheem
Maliki  Yaum  Edeen
Eyyaka Naabudu
Wa Eyyaka Nasta Aeen
Ehdina  Al-Serata  Al-Mustaqeem
2 of them
Mustaqeem
Serata  Al-Lazeena
An-Amta  Alayhem
Ghayri Al-Maghdubi
Alayhem  Wa  Laddaalleen
how many are these?
here is  1,  2,  3,  4,  5,  6,  7,  8,  9, 10
11,  12,  13,  14,  15,  16,  17
Audience: you missed one
Rashad:  OK wait, hold it
Bism
Allah  Al-Rahman
Al-Raheem
Al-Hamdu
Lillah  Rab
Al-Alameen
Al-Rahman  Al-Raheem
Maliki  Yaum  Edeen
Eyyaka
Bism
Allah  Al-Rahman  Al-Raheem
Al-Hamdu Lillah Rab
Al-Alameen
Al-Rahman  Al-Raheem
Maliki
Yaum
Edeen
Eyyaka Naabudu
Wa Eyyaka Nasta Aeen
Ehdina  Al-Serata  Al-Mustaqeem
Serata  Al-Lazeena
An-Amta  Alayhem
Ghayri  Al-Maghdubi
Alayhem  Wa  Laddaalleen
Audience:  Maghdubi
Mahmoud:  An-Amta
Rashad:  Maghdubi
is  2  not  1
Ok,   because  there are
watch this
4  B‘s
and 15  M‘s
in Arabic language these are
the only letters
where
where  your lips meet
the  B  and  the  M
in English or in Farsi
there is also  P
the letter P as in
as in
Audience:  peel
[laughter]
Rashad:  has to be pill
backward
Ok
the B
the  value of  B  is 2
and  the value of  M
is 40 in Arabic
so 15 × 40  is 600
and  4 × 2  is 8
the total is 608
is also a multiple of 19
how do you like that ?
this miracle  come in pairs
they have no excuse
Oh Ok
now we get to  Soad's discovery
Soad
numbered  the alphabet
in a conventional manner
that is from 1 to 28, we have 28 letters
in alphabet,  she counted  1 to 28
the gematrical value is when get to 10
you don't count 11
you go to 20
10,  20,  30,  40
when you get to 100,  you don't go to 101
you go  100,  200,  300
then 900, 1000
her system was 1,  2,  3
all the way to 28
which was used by Lisa also
couple of years ago
Ok
she
she looked at the word
نوح
Noah
in Arabic
the value of  N
is 14
excuse me
I didn't mean to write so small
and the U or Wa
in Arabic  is 6
and the  H  or  the Ha
is 8
this gives 28
the value of Noah
if you look in the Quran for Sura Noah
you'll find that consist of 28 verses
Ok, now she went to Abraham
and she found that the A
is 1
the B  is 2
the R  is 20
Mahmoud:  200
Rashad:  the A is 1
the Ha  is 5
the I here,  Ibrahim
is 10
and the  M is 40
this  makes 42
Ibrahim, what?
Edip :  40 ...
Rashad:  no excuse me
40 is the  gematrical
it's 13
confused  the two systems here
the  total of Ibrahim is 52  and
this is the number of verses in Sura Ibrahim
how do you like that ?
Ok, then she went to Muhammad
and the  M  is 13
the Ha  is 8
same letter as here,  see
and then 13 the other M
and  the D  is 4
the total is 38
this is a number of verses
in Sura  Muhammad
how do you like that ?
so she calculated the value of
نوح
it was 28, which is the number of verses
in Sura Noah in the Quran
she calculated Ibrahim
the value is 52,  and this is
the number verses  in Sura  Ibrahim
she  calculated Muhammad, the value is 38 and
this is the number of verses in Sura Muhammad
and then she found out
that  was this morning
that
now Sura  Noah is no. 71
in the Quran
Ibrahim
is Sura no. 14
what is the difference ?
19  ×  3
which means between
the Suras,  Noah  and Abraham
57 Suras
and outside also  57  Suras
and then she calculated
Rashad Khalifa
and the total came to 114
... there's no Sura  in the Quran
whose verses  is 114
114  is  the whole Quran
so she concluded that
Rashad's job is  to confirm
all 114 Suras
Tooboo Ela Allah
repent
الحمد لله
we praise God
و أشهد أن لا إله إلا الله
وحده لا شريك له
we bear witness that
there is no other god besides the one God
we pray to God that He guides us
to appreciate His miracles
because these are
awesome miracles
that will  cause mountains
to crumble
literally
this is what God says
and makes
our hearts tremble
in this Khutba
I want to
share with you that
God is using me  as  an example
for all of us
and  to teach
all of us
so  I want to say that
I'm  a happy guinea pig
God is using
using me as an
as to experiment in a profound way
you read in Sura
that  those who believe in God
and lead a righteous life
the angels descend on them
saying
what?
Douglas
what do the angels say
to the believers?
Douglas:  peace
Rashad:  have no fear
and  no ...
Douglas:  grief
Rashad:  grief
this is your favorite statement
they also say peace
yes
that's another Sura
no fear  and   no grief
لّا تَخافوا وَ لا تَحزَنو
in Arabic
have  no fear
and no grief
and we have the profound example
in the last two weeks
do you remember what I talked about
last time  when I was here
anybody remembers ?
yes,  about the  righteous
do not die
Dr. Sabahi remembers
I'm sure  all of you remember
the Khutba  was
a revelation
started with a question
from  Lisa
as to what happens
to the righteous
and  as you know
in the Quran,  God repeats
يَسـَٔلونَكَ
they ask you
قُل
say
they ask you
when a  question
is posed
God sent the revelation through Gabriel
to tell us  what the answer is
or  if  we are speculating
then God will send Gabriel with a
assurance as to what is  the correct
answer  to the question
so I shared with you
last time
that  the righteous
do not die
they go straight to Heaven
and  I wrote  it  down
in the perspective
and  I mailed  it
to everybody
so even yesterday
was it yesterday or the day before yesterday
that  the Saudi guy  called  from Chicago?
Edip:  before yesterday
Rashad:  the day
before yesterday
he called
and talked  with  me for an hour
and
sarcastically he said
OK  what was
Gabriel's latest revelation?
he was ridiculing and mocking
I told him the last revelation Gabrielle came
was that  righteous do not  die
they go straight to Heaven
and after I finished  talking with him
this was quite a reminder
then I called Egypt
and  I found out  that
my mother went to  Heaven on Monday
which is the day that
Soad  made that  discovery
and she consider it to be
the happiest day of her life
it's a,  it's an assurance from God
He sent the angel
he says,  have no fear
have no grief
and  then you know
your mother made it to Heaven
she didn't die
she simply
also
the information  that I got
are very assuring
OK, she tells the servant
go  make me a cup of tea
servant  comes back in 2 minutes
and she's gone
so  she is in a good mood
you usually ask for a cup of tea
when you are perfectly  happy
you're gonna sip the tea
watch the TV  or  something
and if you remember
what I told you  in the last Khutba
I said  the angel comes  and  invite
the  righteous person to go to Heaven
and says  yeah!  really!
they go
he probably told her
do you wanna wait for a cup of tea
she  said,  what!
are you kidding?
so there were many many many strange signs
that happened to assure me
Ok
in order to do  the funeral prayer
they went to the mosque
and in that Mosque  there are only
two believers   that we know
and  one of them at least will be here
for the conference  in September
his name is Mostafa Sherban
they already pushed a known Kaffir
to lead the prayer
a known disbeliever
whom I know also
an  idol worshiper
and then Mostafa
oh Mostafa opened  the Quran
when he went in,  and he
the verse that came out was
Gods cites the  example
of  Pharaoh's wife
God cites the  example of the believers
Pharaoh's wife
she prayed to God   please build
a mansion for me in paradise with you
and  save me  from
the wicked people
that was the verse he read
this is the first sign
and then Mostafa said
I don't know why all of a sudden they pulled
the other guy  and  they pushed me in
to lead the prayer
so
Mostafa  a believer
went in  to lead the prayer
we're gonna have a prayer  immediately
after the Friday prayer,  we'll have a prayer for her
so  a believer  was chosen
to lead the prayer
and  he said
now this embarrasses me a little bit
but I have to say it
I'm  sharing  it with you
but  he said the intention
that came out
I didn't want to say it
I had no intention of saying it
but this is how it came out
he said
نويت المصلي للروح
أم عبدك
و رسولك رشاد خليفة
this is what he came out
of his mouth
he says I intend to pray for the soul of
the mother of Your servant and Your messenger
Rashad Khalifa
and  Mostafa is a believer anyway
but  he said he had no intention at all
of saying this
OK so they go
for the burial
and  they made Zikr around  the ...
after the burial
and  both,  the two  believers
Mostafa and Sharif
they told me on the phone  we were amazed
at the number of La Elaha Ela Allah, that we said
around there,  they were just saying
La Elaha Ela Allah  for about an hour
and nothing else
just  La Elaha Ela Allah
so what I'm saying
is that God
is teaching us
through one of us
because that
of course
the unbelievers will say
Oh  he wrote this because his mother died
or whatever  they're gonna say
we  you
we know
that I said it last Friday
two weeks ago
and  I printed it
and  I mailed it
and after this
we hear the news,  so the angels
literally the angels come down to you
and tell  you,  have no grief  and  have no fear
I think  I have to mention
my father here
who was,  I tried  with him very hard
to believe
but he refused to believe
the family  had decided  to bury
my mother  with  my father
he decided,  and  she decided
everybody decided
but my father is an idol man
himself  by his followers
and  I know for a fact
there's something else
that he died as a disbeliever
and  I was taken
from here literally
taken,  carried  from here
there just before he died
to give him
the last warning
even though I didn't intend to,  I had
no intention of talking to him about religion
but he insisted
and  I,   God  let me know that
he died  as a disbeliever
God also let me know that
my mother died as a believer
I think I failed to mention this
but all her life
since I was two years old
I heard her  saying  to my father
those saints are helpless
they're  powerless,  they're dead
only God can help you
God alone,
she was saying
she was saying God alone
all her life
so  I know for a fact that
she's a believer
this all fits
the total picture
so when they went to bury her
according to their family's  wishes
his followers
idol worshipers
who want to build  a  mausoleum
around him  and  worship him
they didn't want
anybody else with him
you think,  they thought that
she would pollute the grave  or something
so God saved her from that situation
and she's buried with her mother
whom  I know also
to be a believer
just  the whole thing
that happened  is just fantastic
now  here is the  trick
when my father died
I was sad
because  he died
as  a disbeliever
he is a man
I loved very much
when he died I was sad,  when
my mother died  I'm happy,  I was happy
because of what
God sent  down
that the righteous do not die
they go on to Paradise
so immediately after the Friday prayer
we will pray the two Rakàs of the funeral
you know how to do it now
because of   ... circumstances
Aqim Al-Salat
Mahmoud Abib:  what's her name?
Allahu Akbar,  Allahu Akbar
La Elaha Ela Allah
Rashad:  if you want,
if you want to mention her name
you can just say
Rashad's mother
God will  know what you're doing
but her name is Zainab